tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c: In function 'double_free':
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:10:nn: error: double-free of ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:7:nn: note: ptr passed to free()
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:10:nn: note: double-free of ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:10:nn: error: use-after-free of ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:7:nn: note: ptr passed to free()
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:10:nn: note: use-after-free of ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c: In function 'unchecked_malloc':
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:19:nn: error: use of possibly-NULL pointer ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:18:nn: note: ptr assigned to the result of malloc()
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:19:nn: note: use of possibly-NULL pointer ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c: In function 'two_ptrs':
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:43:nn: error: use of possibly-NULL pointer q
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:39:nn: note: q assigned to the result of malloc()
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:43:nn: note: use of possibly-NULL pointer q
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c: In function 'fancy_control_flow':
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:69:nn: error: use of possibly-NULL pointer ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:59:nn: note: ptr assigned to the result of malloc()
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:69:nn: note: use of possibly-NULL pointer ptr
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c: In function 'use_after_free':
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:84:nn: error: use-after-free of p
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:81:nn: note: p assigned to the result of malloc()
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:82:nn: note: p compared against 0
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:83:nn: note: p passed to free()
tests/sm/examples/malloc-checker/input.c:84:nn: note: use-after-free of p
